faq: socket options: clarify which ones (#10)
multipath-tcp/mptcp.dev: faq.md

server applications will create "plain" TCP sockets within the kernel when
connections are `accept`ed, making the performance impact minimal.

## Are there unsupported socket options?
On Linux, MPTCP supports most socket options handled by TCP. It is possible some
less common ones are not supported. If it is the case, please document your
use-case in a new
[issue](https://github.com/multipath-tcp/mptcp_net-next/issues/), and/or share
patches.

For example, MPTCP in the Linux kernel is
[currently](https://github.com/multipath-tcp/mptcp_net-next/issues/480) not
compatible with KTLS.

Generally, the same value is propagated to all subflows, including the ones

> created later. eBPF can be used to set different values per subflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created after the calls to `setsockopt()`. eBPF can be used to set different values per subflow.
```
